Deploy onnx on arm (#3)
abhayPS11/arm-learning-paths: content/learning-paths/servers-and-cloud-computing/onnx-lp/_index.md

---
title: Deploy SqueezeNet 1.0 INT8 (opset 12) model with ONNX Runtime on Azure Cobalt 100

minutes_to_complete: 60   

> who_is_this_for: This is an introductory topic for the software developers who are willing to migrate their ONNX based applications from x86_64 platforms to Arm based platforms, or on Microsoft Azure - Cobalt 100 CPU based virtual machine specifically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
who_is_this_for: This Learning Path introduces ONNX deployment on Microsoft Azure Cobalt 100 (Arm-based) virtual machines. It is designed for developers migrating ONNX-based applications from x86_64 to Arm with minimal or no changes.
```
